Relief positions available

*Please note that we do not currently offer any Tier 2 sponsorship*

About the role

As a motivated and fully engaged member of the wider JRHT team, the Food Service Assistant is responsible for the delivery of an excellent food and customer focused service whilst adhering to the highest food safety standards.

Supporting the Catering Manager, you’ll prepare and present food for residents and visitors within the Hartrigg Oaks Residential Community and support the delivery of a breakfast service to The Oaks.

Assisting the kitchen teams with low skilled food preparation, you’ll support with the service of food, delivery of meals in the care home and working on the coffee shop and restaurant areas serving customers in an organised and timely manner. You’ll help clean the tables after service, use the dishwasher and adopt a ‘clean as you go’ work ethic and resolve resident and staff queries and requests in a pleasant and helpful manner.

About you

We’d like our Food Service Assistant to have relevant customer service experience in commercial catering operation and have experience of following Food Safety and Health & Safety procedures. Adhering to the highest standards of due diligence, you’ll have working knowledge of Food Safety regulations.

You’ll be able to work positively with residents and colleagues from diverse backgrounds and have demonstrable interpersonal and oral communication skills.

Our core priority

JRHT strives to be a housing association that is sustainable and engaging, providing high quality and continuously improving services and decent affordable homes in well managed communities prioritising those in greatest need.

How to apply

To apply, please complete the online application.

Closing date for applications is 1st October 2025.

Please note that we will be shortlisting and interviewing on an on-going basis and reserve the right to bring the closing date forward should enough quality applications be received.

Additional Information

We are a values driven organisation and our values drive our behaviours. We’re at our best when we’re continually building on trust, showing we care and making a difference – and we hope others will do the same. We are committed to creating an inclusive and welcoming workplace, where all colleagues can be themselves.

Our commitment to Equality, Diversity and Inclusion

At JRHT we believe in giving everyone an equal chance to succeed. Applications are welcome from all regardless of age, disability, marriage or civil partnership, pregnancy or maternity, religion or belief, race, sex, sexual orientation, trans status or social economic background. We positively encourage applications from people with experience of living in poverty.

As part of our commitment to equity and specifically anti-racism, we operate an anonymised recruitment process so that bias is eliminated from the shortlisting process.

We are a Disability Confident Employer. This means that we are committed to the recruitment, progression and retention of disabled individuals. We offer interviews to disabled candidates who meet the minimum criteria for the job. If you have a disability, please tell us if you would like to be considered for an interview under the Disability Confident Scheme.

INDSP